test/README.md, before:

# Business Central Test Suite

This directory contains a comprehensive test suite for Business Central that organizes and groups test methods into a structured framework. The test suite follows Business Central best practices, includes proper test runner functionality, and integrates with the TDD workflow scripts to enable running tests selectively.

## Components

### 1. TestSuite.al (Codeunit 50100)

A core utility codeunit that provides common test functionality:
- Assertions (AssertTrue, AssertEquals, etc.)
- Test data creation (CreateTestCustomer, CreateTestItem)
- Random data generation (GetRandomInteger, GetRandomText, etc.)
- Sales document helpers (CreateSalesDocument, AddSalesLine, etc.)

### 2. TestRunner.al (Codeunit 50098)

A test runner codeunit that integrates with the BcContainerHelper test execution framework:
- Runs tests selectively based on codeunit name, function name, or tag
- Provides a standard interface for the TDD workflow scripts
- Logs test execution and results

### 3. TestSetup.al (Codeunit 50097)

A codeunit that handles common test setup and teardown operations:
- Initializes the test environment
- Sets up common test data
- Cleans up after tests
- Provides a consistent initialization pattern for all tests

### 4. TestLibrary.al (Codeunit 50099)

A codeunit that provides additional test utilities:
- Wraps TestSuite functionality for easy access
- Provides a clean API for test codeunits
- Centralizes test utility functions

### 5. HelloWorld.Test.al (Codeunit 50000)

An example test codeunit that demonstrates how to use the test framework:
- Shows proper test initialization
- Demonstrates message handler usage
- Includes test assertions
- Follows the Given-When-Then pattern for test clarity

## Usage

### Creating a New Test Codeunit

1. Create a new AL file with a codeunit that has the `Subtype = Test` property
2. Add the TestLibrary and TestSetup variables
3. Implement an Initialize method that calls TestSetup.Initialize()
4. Add test methods with the [Test] attribute
5. Follow the Given-When-Then pattern for test clarity

Example:

```al
codeunit 50001 "My Test"
{
    Subtype = Test;

    var
        TestLibrary: Codeunit "Test Library";
        TestSetup: Codeunit "Test Setup";
        // Other variables

    [Test]
    procedure TestSomething()
    begin
        // [GIVEN] A clean test environment
        Initialize();

        // [WHEN] Some action is performed
        // ...

        // [THEN] Expected results are verified
        TestLibrary.AssertTrue(true, 'This should be true');
    end;

    local procedure Initialize()
    begin
        // Initialize test setup
        TestSetup.Initialize();
        
        // Reset test-specific variables
        // ...
    end;
}
```

### Running Tests

Tests can be run using the TDD workflow scripts:

```powershell
# Run all tests
.\scripts\Run-Tests.ps1

# Run a specific test codeunit
.\scripts\Run-Tests.ps1 -TestCodeunit "My Test"

# Run a specific test function
.\scripts\Run-Tests.ps1 -TestCodeunit "My Test" -TestFunction "TestSomething"
```

## Integration with TDD Workflow

The test suite integrates with the TDD workflow scripts through the BcContainerHelper module:

1. The `Run-Tests.ps1` script uses the `Run-TestsInBcContainer` cmdlet from BcContainerHelper
2. Test results are captured and formatted as XUnit output
3. The test runner provides a consistent interface for the TDD workflow scripts
4. Test execution can be filtered by codeunit, function, or tag

## Best Practices

1. **Follow the Given-When-Then pattern** for test clarity
2. **Initialize properly** using the TestSetup.Initialize() method
3. **Use assertions** from TestLibrary instead of direct ERROR calls
4. **Clean up after tests** to avoid side effects
5. **Use descriptive test names** that explain what is being tested
6. **Add comments** to clarify test steps and expectations
7. **Use message handlers** for testing UI interactions
8. **Keep tests independent** from each other
9. **Use TestPermissions attribute** to control permissions during tests

Commit message:

Add inventory and sales functionality codeunits for test data generation
- Introduced Library - Inventory codeunit for creating and managing inventory items.
- Introduced Library - Sales codeunit for creating customers and sales documents.
- Added Library - Random codeunit for generating random test data.
- Updated Test Library to utilize new codeunits for assertions and test data creation.
- Removed Test Suite codeunit as its functionality has been integrated into other codeunits.
- Updated Test Setup to initialize and clean up test data effectively.

test/README.md, after:

# Business Central Test Suite

This directory contains a comprehensive test suite for Business Central that organizes and groups test methods into a structured framework. The test suite follows Business Central best practices, includes proper test runner functionality, and integrates with the TDD workflow scripts to enable running tests selectively. All tests are assigned to the built-in "DEFAULT" test suite following Business Central's standard test framework conventions.

## Components

### 1. TestRunner.al (Codeunit 50098)

A test runner codeunit that integrates with the BcContainerHelper test execution framework:
- Runs tests selectively based on codeunit name, function name, or tag
- Provides a standard interface for the TDD workflow scripts
- Logs test execution and results

### 2. TestSetup.al (Codeunit 50097)

A codeunit that handles common test setup and teardown operations:
- Initializes the test environment
- Sets up common test data
- Cleans up after tests
- Provides a consistent initialization pattern for all tests

### 3. TestLibrary.al (Codeunit 50099)

A codeunit that provides additional test utilities:
- Provides a clean API for test codeunits with standard assertions
- Centralizes test utility functions
- Uses standard Microsoft test libraries directly

### 4. HelloWorld.Test.al (Codeunit 50000)

An example test codeunit that demonstrates how to use the test framework:
- Shows proper test initialization
- Demonstrates message handler usage
- Includes test assertions
- Follows the Given-When-Then pattern for test clarity

## Usage

### Creating a New Test Codeunit

1. Create a new AL file with a codeunit that has the `Subtype = Test` property
2. Add the TestLibrary and TestSetup variables
3. Implement an Initialize method that calls TestSetup.Initialize()
4. Add test methods with the [Test] attribute - all tests are automatically assigned to the built-in "DEFAULT" test suite
5. Follow the Given-When-Then pattern for test clarity

Example:

```al
codeunit 50001 "My Test"
{
    Subtype = Test;

    var
        TestLibrary: Codeunit "Test Library";
        TestSetup: Codeunit "Test Setup";
        // Other variables

    [Test]
    procedure TestSomething()
    begin
        // [GIVEN] A clean test environment
        Initialize();

        // [WHEN] Some action is performed
        // ...

        // [THEN] Expected results are verified
        TestLibrary.AssertTrue(true, 'This should be true');
    end;

    local procedure Initialize()
    begin
        // Initialize test setup
        TestSetup.Initialize();

        // Reset test-specific variables
        // ...
    end;
}
```

### Running Tests

Tests can be run using the TDD workflow scripts:

```powershell
# Run all tests
.\scripts\Run-Tests.ps1

# Run a specific test codeunit
.\scripts\Run-Tests.ps1 -TestCodeunit "My Test"

# Run a specific test function
.\scripts\Run-Tests.ps1 -TestCodeunit "My Test" -TestFunction "TestSomething"
```

## Integration with TDD Workflow

The test suite integrates with the TDD workflow scripts through the BcContainerHelper module:

1. The `Run-Tests.ps1` script uses the `Run-TestsInBcContainer` cmdlet from BcContainerHelper
2. Test results are captured and formatted as XUnit output
3. The test runner provides a consistent interface for the TDD workflow scripts
4. Test execution can be filtered by codeunit, function, or tag

## Best Practices

1. **Use the built-in DEFAULT test suite** - all test methods with the [Test] attribute are automatically assigned to the DEFAULT test suite
2. **Follow the Given-When-Then pattern** for test clarity
3. **Initialize properly** using the TestSetup.Initialize() method
4. **Use assertions** from TestLibrary instead of direct ERROR calls
5. **Clean up after tests** to avoid side effects
6. **Use descriptive test names** that explain what is being tested
7. **Add comments** to clarify test steps and expectations
8. **Use message handlers** for testing UI interactions
9. **Keep tests independent** from each other
10. **Use TestPermissions attribute** to control permissions during tests
